Add starter code examples (#144)
vega/vega-lite-api: README.md

## API Reference

See the [Vega-Lite JavaScript API Reference](https://vega.github.io/vega-lite-api/api).

## Usage

> ### vega-lite API For Observable Notebooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Vega-Lite API For Observable Notebooks
```

> Just import it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import it like this:
```

~~~js
import {vl} from '@vega/vega-lite-api'
~~~

### vega-lite API for Browsers

> To use the vega-lite API on a browser, you need to include all the dependencies, set the default configuration and finally register it. Here is some starting code you can build from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Vega-Lite API on a browser, you need to include all of its dependencies, set the default configuration, and finally register the tool. Here is some starting code you can build on
```

~~~html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="chart"></div>

    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vega"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vega-lite"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vega-lite-api"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vega-tooltip"></script>

    <script>
      const options = {
        config: {
          // vega-lite default configuration
        },
        init: (view) => {
          // initialize tooltip handler
          view.tooltip(new vegaTooltip.Handler().call);
          // enable horizontal scrolling for large plots

>           if (view.container()) view.container().style["overflow-x"] = "auto";

Reviewer: Why don't we use Vega-Embed, which already comes with tooltips?

Author: Sounds good to me if it simplifies the code 👍

        },
        view: {
          // view constructor options
          loader: vega.loader({
            baseURL: "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vega-datasets@1/",
          }),
          renderer: "canvas",
        },
      };

      vl.register(vega, vegaLite, options);

      vl.markBar({ tooltip: true })
        .data([
          { a: "A", b: 28 },
          { a: "B", b: 55 },
          { a: "C", b: 43 },
          { a: "D", b: 91 },
          { a: "E", b: 81 },
          { a: "F", b: 53 },
          { a: "G", b: 19 },
          { a: "H", b: 87 },
          { a: "I", b: 52 },
        ])
        .encode(
          vl.x().fieldQ("b"),
          vl.y().fieldN("a"),
          vl.tooltip([vl.fieldQ("b"), vl.fieldN("a")])
        )
        .render()
        .then((chart) => {
          document.getElementById("chart").appendChild(chart);
        });
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
~~~

### vega-lite API For Nodejs

~~~
npm install vega vega-lite vega-tooltip vega-lite-api 
~~~

then import everything set your options and register. Here is an example

~~~js

> const vega = require("vega");

Reviewer: In moderns JS< you can use `import vega from 'vea';` etc.

Author: Yes of course, however node LTS doesn't support ES6 modules out of the box. The easiest way of supporting ES6 modules would be to add the *esm* dependency and then run the code as:

~~~
node -r esm index.js
~~~

Is it worth it?

If so, then I found the way of importing the libraries would be:

~~~
import * as vega from "vega";
import * as vegaLite from "vega-lite";
import * as vegaTooltip from "vega-tooltip";
import * as vl from "vega-lite-api";
~~~

Reviewer: I wonder whether we are adding more confusion by adding the example than we are helping. I like the browser examples but would maybe cut the node example.

Author: It depends how much you want to encourage people to use it on node. I will start by agreeing that vl on node is a bit of a long stretch. Maybe useful for server side rendering, but that's it.

Having said that I feel like the Vega-Lite API is a very big step forward for the whole Vega ecosystem, but I it's losing its appealing with the very step barrier of entering. Using it in anything other than Observable is very difficult. Having these examples here should help more than hurt...

Reviewer 2: +1, been struggling to get background/ticks etc to custom colors for several hours now :D
